feat(seo): add SEO/AEO metadata (seo block + page descriptions). 5 page descriptions. (#656)
amp-labs/docs: src/read-actions.mdx

---
title: "Read actions"

> description: "Sync data from any SaaS API into your product with Ampersand read actions — scheduled or on-demand reads, historical backfill, incremental reads, and filters."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Read data from any SaaS API into your product with Ampersand read actions: scheduled or on-demand reads, historical backfill, incremental reads, and filters."
```

---
title: "Read actions"
description: "Read data from your customers' SaaS on a schedule or on demand, with backfill, incremental reads, and filters."
---

> Data read from your customer's SaaS is delivered to the [Destinations](/destinations) you define.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read actions fetch data from your customer's SaaS and deliver them to the [Destinations](/destinations) you define.
```
